In this video I'm going to talk about how
to install R studio for the Mac.
It's a very simple process and it only
involves just a few steps.
The one thing I'll say though is that you
must
have R already installed before you can
install R studio.
So once you've installed R already you can
go to the RStudio web site, which is
rstudio.com.
And you can see down
here on the lower left, there's a green
button
that that directs you to, to kind of
download RStudio.
So here there's two versions of RStudio,
Studio that you can download.
One is for the desktop and one is for the
server down here.
Now you, we're not going to be talking
about the server version at all here.
So you just want to download the desktop
version.
So that's this button right here.
So the website should detect automatically
what type of operating system you're
running.
So here I'm running a Mac, and so it
recommends this
Mac OS X version, so I'm just going to
download that right now.
And you'll see the download meter go.
Once that's finished downloading you can
go to the
Downloads folder, and it should be the
leftmost thing here.
So I'm just going to click on it to
install it.
And then just like any other Mac
application, all you have to do to install
it is drag it into the Applications
folder, so I'm going to do that right now.
And it's already done.
So I can just go into the
Applications folder here find RStudio,
double-click on it.
I'll say yes, I want to open this
application.
And there you go, you're running RStudio.